OKTA-620012 Implement grant type update (#4251)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/implement-grant-type/main/authcodepkce/flow-diagram.md

   -->
</div>

 At a high level, the flow has the following steps:

1. Your application (app) generates a code verifier followed by a code challenge. See [Create the proof key for code exchange](#create-the-proof-key-for-code-exchange).
2. Your app directs the browser to the Okta sign-in page, along with the generated code challenge.

   Before implementing this redirect request to the authorization server (Okta), you need to [set up your app](#set-up-your-app) in Okta. See [Request an authorization code](#request-an-authorization-code).

3. The authorization server (Okta) redirects the authentication prompt to the user.
4. The user authenticates.

    For Okta to authenticate the user credentials, Okta needs user profile data.
    See [Add a user using Console](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?id=ext-usgp-add-users), [Import Users](/docs/guides/password-import-inline-hook/), and the [Users API](/docs/reference/api/users/). Alternatively, you can [set up self-service registration](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-sdk-use-case-self-reg/) to allow users to register their membership with the app.

> 5. Okta redirects back to your mobile application with an authorization code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Okta redirects back to your platform-specific application with an authorization code.
```
Maybe safer to use "platform-specific" in this case since Auth code with PKCE is also used for SPA apps, not just mobile.

Author: Just checking if I can use "mobile app or SPA" instead of platform-specific. SPAs aren't platform-specific.

Reviewer: Sure, sounds good.
Although you should also check with Fed team for this. In the past, devs have been adamant about using the word "Native app" (widely used industry term), so we try to update that adjective where we can. 
I've also heard that some web apps using Auth Code with PKCE flow too (when they can't secure the client secret or if they want additional security)
